Adds 2.2.0 documentation around error handling (#4)
wearebraid/vueformulate.com: docs/guide/inputs/file/README.md

```

The result from the server should be a simple JSON array of objects in the format:

```json
[{
  "url": "/absolute/path/to/filename.png"
}]
```

While each result can certainly include more details than the `url` property it
is the only required value. It can be a fully qualified URL or a path. If it's
an `image` it should work as the `src` attribute for an `<img>` tag.

:::tip Note
If you prefer to use a different property than `url` you can change that by
setting the `fileUrlKey` option when registering Vue Formulate.
:::

## A fake uploader

Vue Formulate ships with a fake uploader function that advances the progress
bar but performs no requests. This is helpful for scaffolding and theming, but
it must be replaced for uploads to work.

## Getting results

When files are added to a file `type` in Vue Formulate the value is automatically
transformed into an instance of `FileUpload`, a helper class to wrap the [FileList](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FileList)
object. It is recommended that the backend have a common URL where files can be uploaded.

## Setting initial values

Setting the initial value of a form that contains an uploaded file is as simple

> as passing it back the array of objects containing urls. This will populate the

Author: ```suggestion
as giving it an array of objects containing urls. This will populate the
```

form element, and return the same url in the payload, but wont re-upload.

```vue
<FormulateInput
  type="file"
  :value="[{ url: '/path/to/document.pdf' }]"
/>
```

<demo-input-hydration />

> #### Mime types

Reviewer: NIce! Great work getting these trimmed out
